e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe.config
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.pdb
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.Properties.Resources.resources
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.pdb
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmAddInvoice.resources
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmFindCustomer.resources
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmFindTrack.resources
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Interfaces.dll
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.dll
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.dll
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Interfaces.pdb
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.pdb
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.pdb
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\usuario\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe.config
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.pdb
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmAddInvoice.resources
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmFindCustomer.resources
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmFindTrack.resources
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.pdb
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Interfaces.dll
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.dll
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.dll
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Interfaces.pdb
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.pdb
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.pdb
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\ProyectosPNET\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe.config
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.dll
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.dll
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Interfaces.pdb
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.pdb
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.DataAccess.Repository.dll.config
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.pdb
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\App.Entities.Base.dll.config
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmAddInvoice.resources
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmFindCustomer.resources
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.FrmFindTrack.resources
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.exe
C:\Users\VS2017-DEV\Desktop\AppBuyTrack3\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack2\AppBuyTrack\App.UUI.Windows\obj\Debug\App.UUI.Windows.pdb
